Added option field to scopes API (#3838)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/authorization-servers/index.md

| Property                                 | Description                                                                                             | Type      | Default        | Required for create or update              |
| :-------------------------------------   | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :-------- | :------------- | :----------------------------              |
| consent                                  | Indicates whether a consent dialog is needed for the Scope. Valid values: `REQUIRED`, `IMPLICIT`, `FLEXIBLE`       | Enum      | `IMPLICIT`     | True for update                        |

> | optional<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />     | Whether the Scope is optional and can be opted out during consent                                  | Boolean   |     False           | False 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| optional<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />     | Indicates whether the Scope is optional. When set to `true`, the user can skip consent for the scope.            | Boolean   |     False           | False 
```
